now just come across here as a you're
wasting time for anybody kill you oh I'm
video too you're gonna get impressed by
some fashionable that's not nice anyway
on to college and hospice care through
for us
okay you know I'm supposed to like the
game not insulted well you're not the
one I told you had see what I'm dealing
with you see what I'm dealing with you
they don't see you okay here what I'm
dealing with here shut up Charlie Brown
is a favor Oh God nice at all can I
wasn't me that was totally her yeah what
if my sexual orientation was like
why I need this car up and you jump
reach the light those extreme fairies oh
cuz I would pull you up washing our cars
I'm here the popcorns water not water
because you can walk on in this summer
checked remember in Jesus you look for
having a hard time those companies
without Andre let them escape oh this
again is funny huh is that very human a
like don't swing holes ok anyway I'll be
stopped crazy shadow file open system
are they I'm gonna kill you Harrison
told me
okay just come up here oh oh that's a
whole shop i bought the phone shut up i
am actually quiet to your help you know
you're just making random stupid
comments that aren't relevant that
aren't relevant to anything at all a
little bit basia who is not guys why
these river crap well yeah oh you want a
smaller knees oh no it tastes good no
where's that coming from all I'm sucking
at this game
we'll probably recharge this
oh yeah hey guys split this is I'm a
real jerk when people come over and now
you're quiet god exactly see all right
said everything about the water and the
waist dress and okay well doubts are
away there are very sexual orientation
oh yes I think that you squeeze you know
and then everything pops out stress
reliever and I just pop out I want a
glow box beautiful Oh epic music lovely
actually from bleach you know the guy
dolls 5304 ha no the a spot and he opens
it and the physical for games and wait
on me know the sign is now oh ok oh I
mean cease
oh no wait British idolatry it is dead
we can't keep go banging on door Ricky
drivin got a lot easier over your cash
clearly forest ok please don't thank you
know how to get me along to me
without right man I'm raise a black lung
and black ones I saw it they must know
much to drink plum juice well no PO
Boxes allergic the plum juice see you in
right man so are there is no Raymond for
to this day home here in case so my
friends talk too loud and nobody knew
what was going on oh you should get some
shut up um basically low box and all it
Andre and like you're trying to get
Andre out or whatever yeah I don't know
200 100 something all right yeah rich
little kid sorry we found this one looks
cool yeah cool sparkly place of sparkly
nice and yes I'm parking lots of Jones
here and stuff how do you get back up
yeah so I'm at 14 minutes 40 seconds
right now that I really went over my
time so I will see you later